# Multi-Cloud-Managment-System
A platform to join all cloud users,cloud brokers,cloud providers
During the past few years, cloud computing has received significant investments in the industry. 
Many cloud providers are participating in the market, forming a competitive environment which is referred to as multiuser and multi-provider cloud market.
Hereafter, we will use the terms “providers” and “users” to refer to the cloud actors. 
Since the amount of resources in a user’s request is much smaller than the capacity of a provider, the user’s request can be satisfied by any provider.
A rational user will choose the provider whose resources best satisfy his computational needs, and the resource usage cost does not exceed his budgetary constraint.
The user’s satisfaction can be evaluated through a utility measure which depends not only on the resource properties but also on the user’s preference to choose certain providers, i.e., two providers with the same resource capacities and usage price may be considered different for a user due to the user’s choice behavior and loyalty. Furthermore, the task of optimally pricing cloud resources to attract users and improve revenue is very challenging. They need to take into account a wide range of factors including the preferences of users, resource capacities and potential competition from other providers. A provider naturally wishes to set a higher price to get higher revenue; however, in doing so, it also bears the risk of discouraging demand in the future. On the other hand, they also look for the means to cooperate with other providers to reduce the operation cost and therefore improve their final revenue. we study both problems of the current cloud market: competition and cooperation among providers. The competition among providers leads to the dynamics of cloud resource pricing. Modeling this competition involves the description of the user’s choice behavior and the formulation of the dynamic pricing strategies of providers to adapt to the market state. To describe the user’s choice behavior, we employ a widely used discrete choice model, the multi-nomial logit model, which is defined as a utility function whose value is obtained by using resources requested from providers. From the utility function, we derive the probability of a user choosing to be served by a certain provider. 	The choice probability is then used by providers to determine the optimal price policy. The fundamental question is how to determine the optimal price policy. When a provider joins the market, it implicitly participates in a competitive game established by existing providers. Thus, optimally playing this game helps providers to not only survive in the market, but also improve their revenues. To give providers a means to solve this problem, we formulate the competition as a non-cooperative stochastic game. The game is modelled as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) whose state space is finite and computed by the distribution of users among providers. At each step of the game, providers simultaneously propose new price policies with respect to the current policies of other competitors such that their revenues are maximized. Based on those price policies, users will decide which provider they will select to request resources. 	This also determines whether the market will move to a new state or not. The solution of the game is a Markov Perfect Equilibrium (MPE) such that none of providers can improve their revenues by unilaterally deviating from the equilibrium in the long run. On the second problem, the cooperation based on a financial option allows providers to enhance revenue and acquire the needed resources at any given time. 
